all right here we go match one polish
members today bro I saw that's not
that's it bro oh yeah that's right I'm
dad psupero aired a server I'm decibel I
took his white card so I'm dad soprano
yeah white boy Willie playing gets funky
part in the studio I that's a real
versus of all gonna know I'm dashing
okay bye oh oh no oh oh no no sucker to
the corner this and I'll shelter nice oh
here we go
oh good what's in this should be good
damage nice there we go put them to the
corner them up oh no homo gay one oh wow
wow you know you trying to change the
dash into the TV or a plastic on it I
respect it all right thinking what we
did a little bit later to let the knees
oh that's a no combo isn't it oh that's
actually I kiss me oh really laughs I
see you like with you erm oh he didn't
have a demitasse nice thats kratom home
well I can nice confirm in the he left
okay if that's the newcomers that
probably wipe listen go to Devon but
it's day work and we're all dead more
damaged I thought that's a bull reaction
to an infant block I'm when David less
overdraw if he doesn't drop it I'll
expecting a lot from you dr. Becky top
level five day one yes rebel one action
stone day was serious business that's
come her a little more time what's
disgusting it is that is great Oh
Wow there we go here hit me for another
one maybe sunday run drive I'm gonna say
for no no don't blast or look for reset
oh that's situation scary here we go you
know I just realized if you swing your
eyes very closely what you see like the
shirt Lebanese always wears an alchemist
yeah oh my god a monoid sure the
midpoint shirt let me boy sugar ah come
in right now on the game it must be Jail
see the musky feel is your right what's
his game the trouble stealing funds left
for other games oh man report this
hospital oh very smart oh that's not it
okay here we go all right okay oh yeah
we drive too much skill that's cheap
there he did it very damaged much skill
much school